---
title: Legal Notice
linktitle: Legal Notice
layout: legal
---

# Legal Notice

## Overview

This website is operated by Mur Tendance. When you access or use any part of this site, you accept the following agreement. 

If you do not accept all of the terms and conditions in this agreement, you should not access the website or use the services offered therein. You may consult the most recent version of this agreement at any time by visiting this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these general conditions of use without prior notice.


## Copyright

Copyright on all content, images, videos and display elements belong to Mur Tendance.  The “Mur Tendance” logo is a Mur Tendance’s trademark. The reproduction and redistribution of any display elements on the website is prohibited without Mur Tendance’s written consent. 

The website’s content may be used without any modifications and for informative or educational (non-business) purposes, if you provide the source and link to Mur Tendance’s website.

To get authorization to use our content, please contact us.


## Third Parties

You may be prompted to leave our website if you click on certain links therein. We assume no responsibility for the confidentiality practices in place on those other websites and we recommend that you read their confidentiality policies carefully. 

Mur Tendance’s website uses Google Analytics, a website analysis service provided by Google. The information generated by the cookie on your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to Google and stored on its servers in the U.S.A. Google will use this information to monitor your use of Mur Tendance’s website, for website operators to compile reports on website activities and to provide other services related to website activities and internet use.  More detailed information on Google’s confidentiality policies is available at https://policies.google.com/privacy.

Mur Tendance’s website uses Facebook Pixel to optimize our advertisements and display those that are relevant to the individuals visiting our website.  For more information on Facebook Pixel, please visit https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/businesstools.


## Data Collection

We collect personal data that you provide through our website. Your data will be stored in our systems and may be complemented by your public information available from third parties. We only keep the data we collect as long as it is required for the purpose for which it was collected. Your data is used to provide the information and documents that you request. We may also use the data that you provide to send you information about products and services of interest to you if you give us permission or sign up to receive the information.  We may also use your data to improve your experience on our website.


## Unlawful Use

It is unlawful to use the website or its content: (a) for illegal purposes; (b) to encourage third parties to carry out or take part in unlawful acts; (c) to infringe on any regional ordinance or any international, federal, provincial or state law, rule or regulation; (d) to contravene or violate our intellectual property rights or those of third parties; (e) to harass, mistreat, insult, hurt, defame, slander, denigrate, intimidate or discriminate against anyone based on their gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnic origin, race, age, national origin or handicap; (f) to share false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that is or may be used to compromise the operation or functioning of the Service or any other associated, independent or internet website; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, scam or embezzle a domain, extort information, or to browse, explore or scan the web (or any other resource); (j) for obscene or immoral purposes; or (k) to contravene or bypass our Service’s security measures or those of any other website. We reserve the right to cancel your use of the Service or of any other associated website if you contravene these prohibited uses.


## Applicable Laws

These general conditions of use are governed by and applied in accordance with the laws of Canada and Quebec. 


